docs: overall minor renovations (#1874)
ansible/awx-operator: README.md

An [Ansible AWX](https://github.com/ansible/awx) operator for Kubernetes built with [Operator SDK](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) and Ansible.

This Kubernetes Operator is meant to be deployed in your Kubernetes cluster(s) and can be used to install and manage the lifecycle of an AWX instance in the same namespace.

## Documentation

> The AWX Operator documentation is now available at <https://awx-operator.readthedocs.io/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWX Operator documentation is available at <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/awx-operator/en/latest/>
```

Author: Changed to `https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/awx-operator/` as listed in https://www.ansible.com/ecosystem/

## Get Involved

> We welcome your feedback and ideas. The AWX operator uses the same IRC channel and Ansible Community Forum as AWX itself. Here's how to reach us with feedback and questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome your feedback and ideas. The AWX operator uses the same Matrix channel and Ansible Community Forum as AWX itself. Here's how to reach us with feedback and questions:
```
